README.md, before:

﻿Sample invoice application used for ASP.NET MVC training.

## TAGS:

0.2
- Added Twitter Boostrap CSS library to the project.
- Changed customer create view to apply boostrap styling on it (styles of other CRUD pages haven't been changed at this time, btw, we will do that next by touching the scaffolding generation)

0.1
- Starting app.
- Creating model by using POCO entities.
- Use code first for creating database
- Scaffolding basic CRUD operations

## LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2011 Iván Loire Mallén

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

- Added T4 CodeTemplates so we can control the scaffolding generation

README.md, after:

﻿Sample invoice application used for ASP.NET MVC training.

## TAGS:

0.3
- Added T4 CodeTemplates so we can control the scaffolding generation process. Modifications on those templates so they render Boostrap css style.
- All CRUD view regenerated using the new T4 CodeTemplates
- Added CompanyNumber field to Customer and Provider tables.
- Added tablesorter javascript plugin for index pages.

0.2
- Added Twitter Boostrap CSS library to the project.
- Changed customer create view to apply boostrap styling on it (styles of other CRUD pages haven't been changed at this time, btw, we will do that next by touching the scaffolding generation)

0.1
- Starting app.
- Creating model by using POCO entities.
- Use code first for creating database
- Scaffolding basic CRUD operations

## LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2011 Iván Loire Mallén

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
